Update SQL info on README (#8740)
BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet: README.md

## SQL SETUP

> The SQL backend requires a MariaDB server running 10.2 or later. MySQL is not supported but MariaDB is a drop in replacement for MySQL. SQL is required for the library, stats tracking, admin notes, and job-only bans, among other features, mostly related to server administration. Your server details go in `/config/dbconfig.txt`, and the SQL schema is in `/SQL/beestation_schema.sql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL backend requires a MariaDB server running 10.2 or later. MySQL is not supported. The database is required for the library, stats tracking, admin notes, bans, and persistent characters/preferences. Your server details go in `/config/dbconfig.txt`, and the SQL schema is in `/SQL/beestation_schema.sql`.
```
